README.md, before:

# ESP8266 mobile Access Point
###### Fork of ESP8266_Access_Point_AP.ino[^1] from Rui Santos[^3]<br>Website with instructions: ESP8266 NodeMCU Access Point (AP) for Web Server[^2]
<img src="img/esp_ap_logo.png"><img src="img/esp_ap_logo_mono_white.png">

### Use as a mobile network.
### for example to control multiple <a href="https://kno.wled.ge/" target="_blank" alt="WLED"><img src="img/logowled.png" alt="WLED" title="WLED"></a> projects via <a href="http://www.live-leds.de/" target="_blank" alt="Jinx!" title="Jinx!"><img src="img/logojinx.png"></a><br>at party locations where there is no existing WLAN.

changes by me
-------------
+ addet ssd1306 Display<br>
+ addet ws2812b Status LED<br> 
+ addet more infos on serial console.<br>
+ import to platform.io<br>
+ config stored in eeprom<br>
+ addet webpanel with config & infos<br>
+ from max 4 clients to max 8 clients switched

Last Relase: v0.0.3<br>
https://github.com/w4b-zero/ESP8266_Access_Point_AP/releases/tag/v0.0.3

Circuit<br>
<table>
<tr><td align="center"><img src="img/circuit.jpg"></td></tr>
</table>
<br>
Browser (win/Firefox)<br>
<table>
<tr><td align="center">Home<br><img src="img/index.jpg"></td></tr>
<tr><td align="center">Settings<br><img src="img/settings.jpg"></td></tr>
</table>
<br>
Mobile (android/chrome)<br>
<table><tr><td align="center">Home<br><img src="img/index_mobile.jpg"></td><td align="center">Settings<br><img src="img/settings_mobile.jpg"></td></tr></table>

[^1]: https://github.com/RuiSantosdotme/Random-Nerd-Tutorials/blob/fa34159d963cd479a13248008af3f54a1afb4066/Projects/ESP8266/ESP8266_Access_Point_AP.ino
[^2]: https://randomnerdtutorials.com/esp8266-nodemcu-access-point-ap-web-server/
[^3]: https://github.com/RuiSantosdotme

Commit message:

project end!
will no longer be developed further!

README.md, after:

# ESP8266 mobile Access Point
###### Fork of ESP8266_Access_Point_AP.ino[^1] from Rui Santos[^3]<br>Website with instructions: ESP8266 NodeMCU Access Point (AP) for Web Server[^2]
<img src="img/esp_ap_logo.png"><img src="img/esp_ap_logo_mono_white.png">

will no longer be developed further!
Use <a href="https://github.com/martin-ger/esp32_nat_router">https://github.com/martin-ger/esp32_nat_router</a> or
<a href="https://github.com/martin-ger/esp_wifi_repeater">https://github.com/martin-ger/esp_wifi_repeater</a> ! - His firmware is a better choice!

changes by me
-------------
+ addet ssd1306 Display<br>
+ addet ws2812b Status LED<br> 
+ addet more infos on serial console.<br>
+ import to platform.io<br>
+ config stored in eeprom<br>
+ addet webpanel with config & infos<br>
+ from max 4 clients to max 8 clients switched

Last Relase: v0.0.3<br>
https://github.com/w4b-zero/ESP8266_Access_Point_AP/releases/tag/v0.0.3

Circuit<br>
<table>
<tr><td align="center"><img src="img/circuit.jpg"></td></tr>
</table>
<br>
Browser (win/Firefox)<br>
<table>
<tr><td align="center">Home<br><img src="img/index.jpg"></td></tr>
<tr><td align="center">Settings<br><img src="img/settings.jpg"></td></tr>
</table>
<br>
Mobile (android/chrome)<br>
<table><tr><td align="center">Home<br><img src="img/index_mobile.jpg"></td><td align="center">Settings<br><img src="img/settings_mobile.jpg"></td></tr></table>

[^1]: https://github.com/RuiSantosdotme/Random-Nerd-Tutorials/blob/fa34159d963cd479a13248008af3f54a1afb4066/Projects/ESP8266/ESP8266_Access_Point_AP.ino
[^2]: https://randomnerdtutorials.com/esp8266-nodemcu-access-point-ap-web-server/
[^3]: https://github.com/RuiSantosdotme
